index.md, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: home
---
<!-- Homepage info:
- A V2V-communication-based system for notifying drivers when they should brake
- Should be a bullet-point version of the sales pitch?

Sales pitch (based on the Crossing the Chasm / Geoffrey Moore template):
- For (target customers)
- Who are dissatisfied with (the current market alternative)
- Our product is a (new product category)
- That provides (key problem-solving capability)
- Unlike (the product alternative)
- Our product (describe the key product features) -->

Driving can be unpredictable, and your safety depends on knowing when and how hard to brake. But regular brake lights don’t tell you how hard a vehicle in front of you is braking. That’s why we created RECAP. RECAP uses vehicle-to-vehicle communication to gather data about the vehicles around you. It presents this information in a simple way so that you, the driver, know how hard to brake to avoid a collision. Stay safe on the road with RECAP.

- V2V Communication
  - Vehicle-to-vehicle communication means that you get information about other vehicles as soon as it is available
- Data Processing
  - Our algortihms use GPS and vehicle data to figure out which vehicles around you are the most dangerous
- Driver Assist
  - We present information about other vehicles in a simple way to reinforce safe driving behaviours

Commit message:

Getting ready for adding icons to home page

index.md, after:

---
layout: home

feature-title-1: V2V Communication
feature-content-1: Vehicle-to-vehicle communication means that you get information about other vehicles as soon as it is available

feature-title-2: Data Processing
feature-content-2: Our algorithms use GPS and vehicle data to figure out which vehicles around you are the most dangerous

feature-title-3: Driver Assist
feature-content-3: We present information about other vehicles in a simple way to reinforce safe driving behaviours
---
<!-- Main homepage info -->
# What is RECAP?

RECAP is a driver-aid that uses a network established between nearby vehicles to share and make use of other vehicles’ status information to improve drivers’ situational awareness. Figuring out how quickly a vehicle ahead is decelerating can be challenging, making it difficult for drivers to know how hard to brake. RECAP provides drivers with clear information, allowing them to make better, more informed driving decisions to avoid dangerous situations. With RECAP, drivers are more aware, making roads safer.

To learn more, check out our [about page](/about).
